[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 superhero film Aquaman so
let's get started in 1985 late
housekeeper Thomas rescues Etta Lena
the princess of Atlantis during a storm
they fall in love and have a son named
Arthur at Delana is forced to abandon
her family and has her advisor trained
Arthur Arthur becomes a skilled warrior
but rejects Atlantis when he learns
Atlanta was executed in the present
Arthur confronts a group of pirates
their leader dies and his son David vows
revenge
David later attacks Atlantis under the
request of armed
Arthur's younger half-brother and
Atlantis's monarch who uses the attack
to declare war on the surface world
forms fiance Mara asks Arthur for help
Arthur is urged to find the Trident of a
plan to reclaim his rightful place as
king or improve IDEs David with a suit
to kill Arthur David now calling himself
Black Manta ambushes Arthur and Mara as
they search for the Trident they escape
and continue on to reach an uncharted
sea at the center of the earth
there they are United with Atlanta where
she has been stranded Arthur claims the
Trident a war breaks out between arm and
Arthur's makeshift army forms followers
turn on him and they see Arthur wields
the Trident arm accepts his fate when
realizing Atlanta is alive
Atlanta returns to the surface and
Arthur takes the throne with Mara by his
side and a mid-credits scene
David is rescued by dr. Steven shin and
agrees to lead shin to Atlantis in
exchange for his help in his revenge on
Arthur so that was a spoiler for Aquaman
if you have a film you like to see a
spoil let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching